---
layout: post
title:  "Blow The Man Down"
date:   2022-02-04 17:34:00 +0100
categories: story recap
---
The party was now tucked in along with the crew of the **Laguna Matata**, safely guided by **Von Bin** and his years of sailing. They were told that it would take days before the boat reached the northern shore of the desert dunes and to lighten the burden of **Von Bin** and his crew, the party was sure to help out by the best of their abilities. **Snarf** was getting along nicely with the crew, it basically looked as he was born on a ship. He trimmed the sails, washed the deck and mended the old ropes, all while **Coro** played the old man card and just watched the rest of the crew work while he was studying ancient texts but really was snoring away in the warm sun. **Brurblack** climbed the mast and kept a lookout from the crows nest, nothing really obvious on the horizon except the blue nothingness and some murky clouds far away. 

The first night on the ship was peaceful, it felt good to be back on the sea thought **Tyrfing** as he gobbled down the glass of rum **Von Bins** been kind enough to serve in his quarters. The crew gathered there, in **Von Bins** quarter, for some *try one's luck with the lucky sirens* as **Von Bin** would put it or also known as gambling as regular folk would say. But really, it was just an excuse to drink and not drink alone. **Tyrfing** was not shy to accept the offer and **Coro** also joined in, but mostly for the chance to gain some coin. After a time of catching up and a few cups of rum later the party went to the crews quarters and were cradled to a long resting sleep by the waves of the vast sea.

Early morning **Brurblack** went back up in the crows nest and noticed that the worrying clouds got even closer, alarmed he told **Von Bin** about the upcoming weather. **Von Bin** told the party that he has kept the weather under watch and that a storm might hit the boat in a day or two and according to him there was nothing to worry about. Storms at sea was rarely any danger if you knew how to parry the waves, and that was something **Von Bin** was good at, at least according to him.

Unfortunately the storm hit, **Von Bin** was right all along. Also about the parry stuff since **Coro** was unable to grab hold of something when a big wave hit. He's old but looked even older now when stumbling and tripping over his garbs and hit face first on the hard deck of the **Laguna Matata**. Everyone else seemed to be ready and held strong to the ropes and reeling, even the big goat was unfaced by the strong sea. The night eventually came and the storm eased up, tired they went back to their cabins for a well needed sleep, everyone except **Tyrfing** and **Von Bin**. They, as the night before, stayed up and shared a bottle of rum before calling it night.

Dazed and bit dry **Tyrfing** woke up to chaos. He heard shouts and cannons as he lunged up the stairs from the ships hold, where he had been sleeping. Why the ships hold you ask? He wonders that too, but probably because of the fine rum he and **Von Bin** shared together. Anyway, while rushing the stairs a crew mate suddenly flew straight through the door to the deck, "I knew it, simple escort mission... There is no such thing as a SIMPLE mission!".

When **Tyrfing** came out on to the deck he saw a big vessel had docked with the boat using three grappling hooks. A number of unknown sailors had crossed over to the **Laguna Matata** and was now fighting the rest of the party, swords drawn, on the deck of the ship. Three other individuals stayed back on the enemy ship, one was shouting commands to the hostile group the other two were hailing arrows at our band of heroes. **Tyrfing** did what he does best, praying to the gods while he swings his hammer. With bloodshot eyes from the night before he takes aim at the closest foe, a small bony looking man with a pointy beard. **Tyrfing** lets out just before he hits the man, "Hey, this is what god tastes like". In a series of follow-up blows the man finally drops to his knees and a bloody snot bubble pops as draws his last breath from where his nose used to be.

The onslaught from **Tyrfing** goes on as he leaps forward and assists **Snarf**. They both, like a machine, wears the pirate down to dusty scraps and quickly moves through the crowd barraging blows to the left and the right. Meanwhile, **Brurblack** aims his trusty crossbow at the opposite snipers, four quick hurls and one sniper takes the bolts and his body to the bottom of the deep sea. **Coro's** fingertips spark and - *WHOOSH* - a fireball is launched toward the other archer on the neighboring vessel, but it is a miss. The nimble archer manages to slide away in time and the fire spreads instead to one of the grappling hooks. It eventually breaks off and the ships that once were locked together is now drifting further apart. Finally **Tyrfing** gets himself over to the enemy boat, now aiming for the one looking like the pirate captain. Surrounded and almost beaten down he manages to get a hold of the situation. **Coro** utters some words and suddenly the enemy captain is blind. Flailing his arms and shouts in pure desperation, **Tyrfing** yet again takes aim and asks his god for another blessing. In one mighty blow **Tyrfing** clears the enemy vessel and lunges back on the now calm **Laguna Matata** before the pirate ships drifts away burning.

When the waters are calm and the crew of the **Laguna Matata** has finally gathered their breaths **Von Bin** steps out of his quarters. "What is this ruckus!? And why is there water in me office!?". **Snarf** lets out "Well, pirates happened. I mean, look at **Tyrfing**", as he points towards the now snoring dwarf with his face full of what might be brain tissue (?). "Oh I see. Aye, pirates roam these waters rather frequently. I should have told ya that. This is a well known trade route and they like to take the opportunity" says **Von Bin** regretfully.

Some hours pass and while everyone is busy helping to repair the cannon damage on the boat, one of the mates shouts "Land! Straight forward!". **Von Bin** asks if the party can venture out to find water on the island since the reserves was blown to bits by the pirates. The crew gladly accepts the adventure and **Brurblack** is first to jump in the small row boat and lead the party onto the unknown shore.

