---
layout: post
title:  "Island Boys"
date:   2022-02-18 16:41:00 +0100
categories: story recap
---
The party landed on the unknown shore. They were met by palm trees and warm sand, the thirst was hanging in the air. **Brurblack** led the way onto an old path which seemed to lead towards the great peak that was visible through the trees. It didn't take long until the group was stopped by a throng of undead skeletal creatures. One of the creatures resembled a large minotaur stripped of all its flesh, the other ones were humanoid skeletons flailing their arms whit shields and swords in hand.

The violent conflict erupted in seconds. **Brurblack** leapt backwards like a court paid high-elf dancer. Swift and deadly, a slash from his dagger hit one of the skeletal creatures. Hissing, the creature stormed forward and swung its rusty cutlass towards **Brurblack**. With no luck the cutlass sliced nothing but air. Both **Snarf** and **Tyrfing** rushed forward to aid **Brurblack** after seeing his quick reflexes. **Coro** stayed back with crackling dark energy bubbling from his hands. **Snarf** managed to land two blows on the large minotaur after shoving two other creatures towards **Tyrfing**. The minotaur let out a *GNARL* and slapped **Snarf** with its backhand which pushed him a couple of feet back. Raging it took aim with its horns towards **Snarf** and just as the creature was about to take its first step a green beam hit the side of the minotaur. **Tyrfing** smashed his hammer with his gods might and managed to send the two skeletal fiends back to where they came from. With only two enemies left, the minotaur and one skeletal archer, **Brurblack** took aim with his crossbow. *Thomp* - The arrow hit and buried itself in the chest of the minotaur. Snarf used the arrow as a handle to keep the creature in place and deliver multiple blows to its chest area. The chest finally caved in and the minotaur fell to the ground into a pile of bones and horns. While this was happening **Brublack** launched several arrows towards the archer which also returned most of them. After a quick exchange of bolts the fiend finally fell to the ground behind the rocks it used as cover.

Victorious the group gathered their breath. "When can we rest?" asked **Brurblack** while patching up a small wound from a moldy crossbow bolt. "Probably back at the boat, I can sense foul magic on this island." answered **Coro**, looking fairly unmoved by the recent event. He then glanced at the fallen minotaur and said "Let me see if we can use our newly found friends". "What are you doing!?" **Tyrfing** shouted with some hope to disturb **Coro's** ritual. A dark mist surrounded the bones of the minotaur and unearthly whispers flowed from the mist. In just a couple of minutes the large minotaur rose to its feet and bowed to **Coro**. "There we are, lessons paid off once again! **Tyring**, you can let the minotaur carry the barrel now." said **Coro**. **Tyrfing** dropped the barrel and backed up several feet with a face of disgust painted on his face. 

The group moved forward towards the peak with Snarf leading the way through the thick foliage. In tow the skeletal minotaur followed blindly with the empty barrel. The group finally reached something resembling a peak, a large open area surrounded by ruins of an ancient civilization. All of ths lodged between a sparkling waterfall full of clean sweet water. But as **Coro** predicted earlier, the group was not alone, foul magic was in the air.
