---
layout: post
title:  "Dead, undead, death?"
date:   2022-05-17 18:40:00 +0100
categories: story recap
---
Its been a minute since we last heard from our party of adventurers. Since we last followed their steps they were about to provide water to **Von Bin** and his crew on **Laguna Matata**. Our heroes managed to find lots of water and a strange teleport which seemed to move undead to and from the mysterious island. Unscathed our heroes managed to find their way back with a full barrel of sweet tasting water to **Von Bin**. 

While the troop was away fighting undead **Von Bin** found a floating runaway. A small music loving halfling had been thrown off his ride across the vast sea and was stuck floating around on some barrels that fell when his former captain decided to throw him off. **Von Bin**, a man who sees opportunity in almost everything, helped the halfling onto the **Laguna Matata**. The halfling introduced himself to the party and Von Bin as **Parvus Finch** and that he has been travelling from the north, even from the town our heroes trying to reach. **Parvus** was also familiar with **Coro's** hometown **Dustpoint**, or at least its taverns.

The party decided to let **Parvus** join them back to the port city of **Hath’Nakar** and they promised they'll help him if something would happen while they were visiting. A couple of days went and **Parvus**, as broke as he was, agreed to work on the ship as his payment for the ride. Finally the bell of the crows nest rang out and **Hath’Nakar** was in sights range, the party together with their newfound friend entered harbor and because **Parvus** had some unfinished business in the town, **Coro** helped him get invisible.

Our party strolled along the busy streets of the more or less lawless town and searched for supplies that would last them throughout the desert and find the scary undead place of **Tabhat**. **Parvus** showed the rest of the party around town, showed them shops and told them who to stay away from. One of the guys to watch out for was a orc named **Cloudfell**, this grunt still had some unsettled debts with **Parvus** and the group knows that they probably might see him some more. After ducking the orc throng; **Coro**, **Snarf** and **Parvus** entered one of the shops that held some of the supplies needed for a desert trip. **Parvus**, while invisible, told the store clerk about the stuff they needed. Confused the clerk looked at **Coro's** hand-puppeteering **Parvus's** words like a real crazy person. Well let's say this, it was a real "you should have been there" type of situation. After some back and forth between the clerk and **Parvus** the hand puppet, the crew managed to get all supplies needed for the trip.

The group ventured out to the desert, determined to find **Tabhat** and the next rune. **Tyrfing** took point on his mighty talking goat and the rest of the party in a convoy after him. Not to far from the town, the undead palace emerged from the dunes. Walls, almost forming a dome of stone,surrounded the cursed town and **Brurblack** started his climb. The small nimble gnome managed to throw a makeshift grapplehook onto the edge of the wall and ascend its untouched sand gripped stone. The rest of our heroes followed with **Tyrfing**, **Snarf**, **Parvus** and last and slowest **Coro**.

On top of the wall the crew could see the undead that **Rune** and **Folwin** were talking about. Slowly stalking and randomly stumbling around in the dark streets covered by the dome like wall. To avoid the obvious threats **Brurblack** proposed to the group to reach a nearby roof and shimmy down to the ground from there and so they did. When **Coro** were supposed to move slowly to the ground he slipped and with a light fall he stumbled into the dust of the streets. From almost a dead silence a large rumble emerged from the ground and large vibrations made it hard for **Coro** to reach his feet. He recognized the rumbles and the pattern of vibrations as the large purple dune worms that his father told him about at a young age. He had never seen one himself so in pure excitement he waved his whole body to get the rest of the party's attention. He tried to keep as much of the bass tones of his voice down, "DO NOT MOVE, LARGE WORM AHEAD!". **Parvus**, as a desert native, understood more or less directly what **Coro** was talking about. He relayed the information to the rest of the party. While knowing about the large worms the **Tyrfing**, **Brurblack**, Snarf and **Parvus** climbed on ruins and stones, all to avoid disturbing the worm. But there was a problem, **Coro** was stuck in the middle of the street where he landed from the fall and if he would move there was a great risk that the worm would feel him and eat him. **Tyrfing** picked up a stone an threw it across the street into a plaza nearby, away from **Coro**. *BOOM!* A large dust cloud erupted from the place where the stone landed following an even larger purple worm like creature with what **Brurblack** though was at least a million teeth. **Coro** was safe and could run across and link up with the rest of the crew.

The noise attracted a couple of undead and a fight began. With **Coro** in-front on of the undead grabbed him and spewed black ooze onto his face and weakness hit **Coro**. It was a familiar touch, almost like his first encounter with death all those years ago. The fight ended in a few minutes but **Coro** was hit really bad, limping even more than before and mending his wound didn't seem to help. It was almost like the black ooze rejected the healing from inside and slashed open the wounds as quickly as **Parvus's** magic tried to close them. 

Sneaking further down the street, to avoid any more cursed undead, the group stumbled upon the entry-way of what looked like the tomb of a king. Outside the entry, a couple of undead laid defeated by some previous adventurers. Curious **Coro** looted one of the undead and found a scroll, but he took no time to read it as his excitement took over once again. Eager to learn the secrets of **Tabahat** he ventured inside with the rest of the party in tow. 

Inside, **Brurblack** took point. Sneaking the narrow paths of the tomb the party finally found a large chamber with what seemed to be **Tabhat** on a throne made of skulls and dried up human remains. As the group moved closer **Tabhat** started to move, his right hand formed a glowing orb with the rune enclosed inside. A fight was imminent, the group dodge back to chambers exit.

With a loud croak and crackling bones **Tabahat** rose to his feet and let out a heavy unsettling cloud of something around the group. **Tyrfing** and **Coro** was not fast enough and got caught in the middle of it. Hiding behind two large pillars the rest of the group watched the cloud nervously. Seconds passed, more seconds passed, heavy steps - *THUMP THUMP* - **Tyrfing** stumbled out of the thick cloud coughing. "Ehm, you have to try harder than that to kill a dwarf", said **Tyrfing** while grabbing his weapon and spat a large bowl of snot at the ground. The cloud was still lingering in the air around the exit but nothing could be heard besides the metal clashing from **Tyrfings** pre-battle gymnastics.

The battle started, **Snarf** rushing towards the undead king he unloaded a barrage of punches while **Parvus** sprayed the mind of the king with snappy comments and insults. **The king** retaliated, a large slash aimed towards Snarf but in the last second **Tyrfing** stepped up with his hammer to deflect the blow. **The king** rumbled ancient words from his chest and from nowhere two undead dug themselves out of the sand surrounding **Brurblack**. With a swift move **Brurblack** slashed his daggers across the chest of the closest undead creature and struck a death blow right in the temple of the other one across. **Snarf**, **Tyrfing** and **Parvus** managed to press **Tabhat** into a corner and delivered a number of deadly blows which was finalized by **Parvus** as he insulted **Tabhat** to extinction.

Dust now settled and the poisonous cloud dissipated. There he was, **Coro**, laying still, really still. His pale skin even more pale than it usually were. No words, no excitement, nothing seemed reach him. As the group yelled and was almost jumping around with joy after **Tabhats** defeat, they noticed something was wrong. They approached **Coro** and **Parvus** checked his wounds. Crumpled in **Coros** hands was the scroll that he found outside the entrance, **Parvus** grabbed it. "How to remove a curse" he read out loud. "He was really close...", said **Parvus** with noticeable sadness. Silence fell heavy in the chamber, they realized now what had happened. **Coro** was dead. No more ramblings, no more "Whoops, it's on fire!", just silence. 

The group gathered his things and **Snarf** built a stretcher that they used to carry the old man back to town. On the way back the group came across a fallen adventurer and **Parvus** found a really nice gem tucked away in the dead wanderers belongings. With one rune richer and a friend fewer the party took to the seas once again. More than ever the group was determined to get to the bottom of the nightmare surrounding **Bane** and his followers.

With a number of days on the sea, a number of days with drinking to friends and memories, the vessel reached **Springport**. On familiar ground the party hurried back to **Silvershire** with their dead friend. Looking around town for possible help on their friends current status they found out that a necromancer was hiding in the back-streets of **Silvershire**. They met with the strange individual and he could help, but with some conditions. The party needed to hand him a large amount of gold, a flawless diamond and finally they would own the necromancer a undecided favor in the future. "What comes back isn't always what it used to be, there's always a catch" he said with a whispering voice from under the dark hood.

Together they funded the gold needed and **Parvus** revealed that he actually had a diamond, but he was unsure if that would actually work. And for the favor they decided that it would be up to **Coro** to help the necromancer if he succeeded with the ritual. After some days had passed, the necromancer had finally made the preparations needed for the ritual, now it was only hours until the group knew if the ritual had worked. From outside of necromancers small apartment, green lights were flashing and strange noises rustled in the rainy night, hours passed. Everything finally settled, silence - a large gasp - "Whoa, I have seen it." said the previously dead lifeless body of their friend **Coro**. Joy filled the otherwise gloomy apartment as the group went over to the table where **Coro** still where he lay on his back, amazed about what he obviously experienced in the plane of death. Curios **Brurblack** asked, "What, what did you see? Was it stones? Was it fields of large stones? Really!?". **Coro** replied, "No, no stones, indescribable knowledge. My sister. Everything". Confused and a bit disappointed about the stones **Brurblack** took a step back. **Snarf** helped the old man to his feet, "Here, I think you'd like this" said **Snarf** and pulled a ornate robe from his backpack. "Thank you, my dear dog man friend!" said **Coro** and shakily put the new robe onto his shoulders.

The previous four people party, now complete with the fifth member once again, they ventured back to hear about the new rune from **Rune** and **Flowin**. Something was wrong, no guards at the entrance? Carefully the group went inside, ready for the worst. The library was in ruin. Books, shelves and rolls of paper across the floor and no signs of either **Flowin**, his guards or **Rune**. The group went deeper into the Spire, there they were. The same strange cultists that they fought back in **Rune's** home. Weapons at the ready **Tyrfing**, **Brurblack**, **Snarf** and **Parvus** lashed out towards the invaders. **Coro** stayed back, he had enough of the death plane for now. With the help of two guards the group fairly easily managed to defeat the cultist and save a barely breathing **Rune**. With his last breath, a cultist let out "You are too late, **Folwin** stepped too far". The group rushed through the Spire to reach **Flowin's** office, but it was too late. While entering, a strange shade flowed round **Flowin's** neck and slit his throat. His lifeless body slammed to the ground and the shade whooshed out the door, passing the shocked group.

A thousand thoughts went through their heads...

Who did this? What was that? No **Folwin**? Who's next? What's next?