---
layout: post
title:  "The Mob of Springport"
date:   2022-02-16 18:35:00 +0100
categories: story recap
---
The group managed to get back to **The Spire** and present the strange stone to **Rune** and the mysterious **Folwin**. After some discussion and studying, **Rune** disclosed to the group that the stone they found was indeed one of the missing runes they've been set out to find. **Rune** also said that the rune could give certain advantages to its holder. While the adventurers was out slaughtering **Blacktusks**, **Rune** and **Folwin** actually found clues where the next rune could be located. **Folwin** told the group about **Hath'Nakar**, the home of an ancient wizard who was tricked by Bane to sacrifice children and now roam the windy desert city with his undead minions destined to forever protect the next rune. To go there, the group needs to travel north to the desert lands and the only way to reach the sandy shores is to set sail once again on the vast sea. This means that the only place they know of that currently has a lot of boats is **Springport**. So after saying goodbye to **Rune**, **Folwin** and the rest of the big city, the group ventured back to what once was their starting point on this side of the continent. 

On the road, it didn't take too long until the group was hindered by some rugged men that wanted toll. But as we all know by now no one can really stop our group of heroes. So, after a less friendly discussion with the bandit leader, **Tyrfing** jolted like a bolt and cracked his hammer on the chin of the leader and a fight broke out. Surrounded, the group dodged arrows from all sides of the mountain pass. Minutes later two of the bandit henchmen was dead on the road and the rest of their crew had scattered when they realized that no one should mess with our band of adventurers. With his newly found ability **Coro** decided to enthrall both of the dead enemies and use them as his own personal zombie helpers. After some indistinct mumbling, green smoke and a lot of coughing each of the dead bandits rose to their feet. One, with just some pink goo where his head used to be and the other moaning with dagger marks puffing out bursts of blood. Both **Tyrfing** and **Brurblack** heaved and gagged all the way to **Springport** because of the nasty undead smell and looks that the zombies brought with them. They weren't all that joyous about their new party members but they knew that **Coro** usually knows what he's doing, after all he read more books than both of them together.

The group gathered on a meadow next to the entrance of **Springport** to decide what to do with the two newcomers. On the way **Coro** got attached to his new collogues, they were always listening to what he said and never argued about what to do, they were perfect. But since **Snarf**, **Brurblack** and **Tyrfing** had a hard time accepting the undead followers so would the townsfolk of **Springport**. And it's quite hard to hide a missing head. **Coro** commanded the thralls, "Lay here and play dead. Even if someone should find you and start chop your limbs of, do nothing. YOU ARE DEAD."

While the zombies were hiding in the meadow the group carried on into **Springport**, the small trade zone, where the sea meets the tropic landscape, home of the groups previous companion Von Bin Trueblood and the mighty tavern **Mermaid's Tale**. It has been a while since the group walked these salt water brushed streets, wonder if **Trueblood's** ship is docked? After a hefty meal consisting of the seas fines treasures the group asked around for **Trueblood** and his vessel. They were in luck, "**Von Bin** has been docked for some days restocking his ship, I believe his on his way soon. Why don't you stay the night and visit his ship tomorrow?" asked the server in the tavern and so they did.

Early morning, **Coro** rose to his feet as he only have a limited time to reassert control over his minions or they would roam free, (yeah, that will not end well.) So after a quick breakfast he walks out to the meadow. When closing in on the spot where he left his dead followers a flock of ravens rises and he can see that they've been chewing on both of the zombies. The one with his head has lost one eye and has now a huge hole in his arm, the headless dead man has even more pink parts hanging from the neck and both of them smell even more potent than the day before. But **Coro** is used to the smell of dead bodies, its natural. "Someday I will probably smell the same as you.", **Coro** murmurs while rolling a perfect ball of grass which he puts on the headless zombie. **Coro** smiles, "There you go, a nice head for a proper dummy." He puts the shroud he took from **Leifur** over the grass ball. After a short ritual with green smoke the zombies are under his control for yet another day and he commands them to follow him into **Springport**.

Meanwhile in the **Mermaid's Tale** the rest of the party starts to wake up and after a nice relaxing fish ala carte, the trio gets directions to **Von Bins** ship. Before leaving the tavern **Snarf** commands his automaton cat to keep watch and let **Coro** know where they went if he comes back to the tavern. **Brurblack**, **Tyrfing** and **Snarf** eventually find **Von Bin** and his ship, they talk history and **Tyrfing** gets to know how the group crossed ways with **Von Bin Trueblood** before. During this time **Coro** and his two helpers found their way back to the **Mermaid's Tale**, despite of the strange looks from the townsfolk. **Coro** sees the cat and thinks immediately that this must be the work of **Snarf's** tinkerer hands (paws?). The cat jumps up on **Coro's** shoulder and start to hiss if he turns the wrong way, while figuring out the way down to the docks the mob of townsfolk starts to get more uneasy.

From a distance the trio and **Von Bin** watches as pitchforks and torches gather after a party of three, almost running, individuals. One of which have a robot cat on his shoulder. **Von Bin** bursts out in a laugh. "Haha, so I see you still have the old geezer with ya. Good, good!" **Coro's** getting tired of the pack following him and quickly stops and turns to the crowd. While removing his eye band he shouts "Peasants, stare into the abyss and let darkness envelop your souls!" and ends with what sounds like evil infernal murmurs, but for the more educated ears they are just made up nonsense. The mob scatters in cries of fear and **Von Bin** laughs even more. "Haha, good one old man! But ya know, these two skin walkers isn't welcome on my vessel."

It was then settled, the zombie helpers was not welcome and both **Tyrfing** and **Brurblack** took the opportunity to more or less bully them to meat scraps. They each took turns stabbing and smashing and finally there was just a pile of body parts left where the two undead brothers have stood. Even of this was a small defeat for the old man, **Coro** was determined to prove that the skills of his could prove useful one day. Even if the sanctimonious dwarf and the bloodletting gnome would be a fairly high hurdle to pass. **Snarf** on the other hand didn't think much of **Coro's** strange affection to death, he'd recognize a struggling soul anywhere since he was partly that himself. After the cleansing of undead passengers the party was welcomed aboard the fine **Laguna Matata**.

"So, you want to see the dunes of the northern winds aye?" said **Von Bin** and showed the party onboard his vessel. While entering the deck he turned to his fellow sailors "Anchors up and sails free matey's, we are leaving for **Hath'Nakar**!"